# Does option flow before the earnings affect the post-earning performance?
Hi, I'm Eren Bora(34549). For my DSA 210 project my main aim is to find out if there is correlation between the option flow(call-bullish/put-bearish) and the price of the stock the day after just after they release their earnings or not. 
# Motivation
For my DSA210 project I choose a topic which I am geninely curious about: the influence of option flow just the day before earnings date and it's affect on stocks performance. Through the analyzsis I will will be focusing on  Magnificent Seven (Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Tesla, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, and NVIDIA) companies due to their market signifence with their trading volume, ratio in S&P500(making up 37.4% of S&P500 currently) and market cap. The main goal is to analzye the impaxt of Put/Call volume that occur in the final trading session just before a company's earnings release. The analysis will determine if there is a statistically significant correlation between this pre-earnings option flow data and the direction of the stock's price response in the post-earnings session.
# Hypothesis
H₀ : Option flow before to the earnings report has no statistically significant effect on the performance of the stock's post-earnings price response.
H₁ : Option flows (Put/Call) observed in the trading session immediately before the earnings announcement is a statistically significant predictor of the performance of the stock's post-earnings price response.
# Data collection
Stock Data will consist of the closing prices for the Magnificent Seven (MAG7) stocks. The data will be collected from Yahoo Finance. Option flow data will be gathered from unusualwhales.com, which is a publicly avaliable source. The option dataset contains information on options traded just before market close, including the option's strike price and the total volume of individual option contracts. Collected data will be analyzed with statistics. Key information will include calculating the mean and median of the daily option volume and strike price distribution, and comparing these with the post-earnings stock performance.
